docs/charon: edit keymanager cli reference (#109)
ObolNetwork/obol-docs: docs/charon/charon-cli-reference.md

      --fee-recipient-address string   Optional Ethereum address of the fee recipient
  -h, --help                           Help for cluster
      --insecure-keys                  Generates insecure keystore files. This should never be used. It is not supported on mainnet.

>       --keymanager-addresses strings   Comma separated list of keymanager URLs to import validator key shares to. Note that multiple addresses are required, one for each node in the cluster, with node0's keyshares being imported to the first address, node1's keyshares to the second, and so on.

Reviewer: we are `exporting` key shares TO these addresses and not `importing` FROM these addresses
```suggestion
      --keymanager-addresses strings   Comma separated list of keymanager URLs to export validator key shares to. Note that multiple addresses are required, one for each node in the cluster, with node0's keyshares being exported to the first address, node1's keyshares to the second, and so on.
```

      --data-dir string                The directory where charon will store all its internal data (default ".charon")
      --definition-file string         The path to the cluster definition file or an HTTP URL. (default ".charon/cluster-definition.json")
  -h, --help                           Help for dkg

>       --keymanager-address string      The keymanager URL to import validator keyshares.

Reviewer: here also
```suggestion
      --keymanager-address string      The keymanager URL to export validator keyshares.
```

Author: The reason we use the verb "import" because the [keymanager API](https://ethereum.github.io/keymanager-APIs/#/Local%20Key%20Manager/importKeystores) uses the same wording. But, yeah we need to evaluate if it is easy to understand by the users

Author: Let's agree to use the words ("import") of the keymanager spec since it's safer and intuitive
